Update configuration.md (#922)
openhab/openhab-docs: tutorials/beginner/configuration.md

![](images/picture_12.jpg)

> You can already see the status, "ONLINE", of the thing, this is confusing for new beginners since "ONLINE" here means not that the Device is reachable through the network. Instead it means that the thing is "present" or "usable" for openhab. The online state of the network device is only accessible through the channel "online".

Reviewer: I would suggest something like this:

```suggestion
You can already see the status, "ONLINE", of the thing, which only means that the thing is **present** or **usable** for openHAB.
It doesn't give any indication of the real reachability of this device/api through the network,
```

What do you think?
